= Heroku API - deploy apps to Heroku from the command line

This library wraps the Heroku REST API for managing and deploying Rails apps to
Heroku.  It can be called as a Ruby library, or invoked from the command line.
Code push and pull is done through Git.

== Setup

gem install heroku

You must also have a working install of Git ("apt-get install git-core" on
Ubuntu or "port install git-core" on OS X), and an ssh public key ("ssh-keygen
-t rsa").

The first time you run a command, such as "heroku list," you will be prompted
for your Heroku username and password.  These are saved to ~/heroku/credentials
for future requests.  Your public key (~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub) will be uploaded to
Heroku after you enter your credentials.

== Usage

  heroku list

Get a plain-text listing of apps, the same list that appears on the "My Apps"
page in the web interface.

  heroku create [&lt;appname&gt;]

Create a new app.  If you provide an argument, it will be used to name the app.
(e.g. "heroku create myapp" will produce http://myapp.heroku.com/)  If you
leave off an argument, the app will be assigned an untitled name.

  heroku clone &lt;appname&gt;

Clone the repository of the Heroku app for local work.  Note that this fetches
only code that has been committed to the repo; if you have uncommitted changes
inside the web code editor, these will not be pulled.  This also sets up a few
items for local development, such as writing a database.yml with a sqlite3
adapater.

  git push

Deploy local changes back to Heroku.  You must commit to your local repository
first (e.g., git commit -a).  Note that this will reset the working tree in the
web code editor to match the latest revision pushed, so any uncommitted changes
in Heroku will be overwritten.

  git pull

Pull commits from the Heroku repository into the local repository and update
local working tree.

  heroku destroy &lt;appname&gt;

Permenantly destroy the app named.

  heroku upload_authkey

Upload your ssh public key to Heroku.  This is done automatically when you
enter your credentials, but if you change your key, you will need to run this
manually.  Note that only one key can be active at a time.

== Meta

The heroku gem was created by Adam Wiggins (adam at heroku dot com)

The gem is released under the MIT license: http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php

http://heroku.com/

